{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset238 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset238 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset238 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset238 Lucida Sans;}{\f7\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Lucida Sans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\rtlch\af6\afs28 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs28\dbch\af5 Stil naslova;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Tijelo teksta;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7 \ltrch\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs24\ai \ltrch\loch\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i Opis elementa;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\rtlch\af7 \ltrch\loch\noline Indeks;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.1.2.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/8a45595d069ef5570103caea1b71cc9d82b2aae4}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2024\mo9\dy19\hr13\min21}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Page Style;}}
\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgndec\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Respected future employers, }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
I am writing these few lines alongside my curriculum vitae and application in an attempt to better clarify my UNIQUE STANDING POINT, to help you decide on my application, and also to filter out early those of you whose values and priorities don't stand in line with my USP.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
I apologize that my shortest storyline doesn't fit into one A4 sheet, and I encourage all of you who exclusively expect cover letters to fit one A4 sheet to kindly stop reading, and not continue losing your time. Thank you for your effort and consideration nevertheless!}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Continuing}{\loch
, as my wife got a once in a lifetime job opportunity to move to Berlin in February 2023, for next four years, }{\loch
till 2027}{\loch
, we decided to move to Berlin as a family with our kindergarten-aged son. I left the steady kindergarten psychologist \u8211\'96 }{\loch
expert associate}{\loch
 job in Croatia }{\loch
after more than ten years}{\loch
, hoping my work experience and English language full professional proficiency would be enough for me to find a job in Germany sooner rather than later. On top of that, our son wasn't inclined to go to school for at least next two and a half years at the time, so we hoped he'd be able to learn German in the meantime enough to be ready for school. }{\loch
Finally, my wife's four years paycheck in Germany would be roughly as my sixteen years salary in Croatia!}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
After I couldn't manage to find a job in Germany during the first half of 2023 as}{\loch
 }{\loch
psychologist without the highest German language working proficiency, }{\loch
and as i learned that in German preschool systems there actually are no kindergarten psychologist -expert associate positions equivalent to Croatia, }{\loch
I have }{\loch
decided to try and }{\loch
delve into Web Development }{\loch
i}{\loch
n May 2023 for the first time, at 40 years of age with a }{\loch
previously }{\loch
completely clean }{\loch
IT}{\loch
 sheet \u8211\'96 no prior experience nor any interest in it whatsoever.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
It seemed at the time as a fair opportunity to learn a new and valued skillset with one main thought in mind, invest an initial 14 months without a paycheck, to get in the position from which I might easily earn a paycheck }{\loch
and land a job to be able to provide for my family}{\loch
. }{\loch
That was my main motivation for the decision to try IT. }{\loch
Not love or interest in IT, rather likeliness to subsequently find a suitable paid working position.}{\loch
 }{\loch
I }{\loch
went to a big job fair organised in the end of March 2023 by the Wirtschaftskammer, where I }{\loch
was led to believe by the recruiter person from the company I was }{\loch
later }{\loch
in contact with and subsequently continued my learning path with, that }{\loch
learning coding/programming from scratch, and delving into IT world}{\loch
 was a legitimate perspective, and that I would after an intensive 14 months training }{\loch
with the company program}{\loch
 in fact be equipped with sufficient skillset to get a paid position }{\loch
in the IT world}{\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
At the moment, having almost finished the 14 months training for Web Developer, }{\loch
having met many motivated and inspirative colleagues who practically live, breathe, eat and sleep the IT attitude on a daily basis,}{\loch
 I can say with a firm attitude }{\loch
of my own }{\loch
\u8211\'96 coding, programming, IT is really not for everybody, }{\loch
not everybody would find it fun or challenging, or motivating, }{\loch
especially those who haven't got a keen interest in it }{\loch
or deep intrinsic motivation}{\loch
. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
All the invested time and effort during the past 13+ months (and invest I did, with great dedication), didn't move me much away from my initial viewpoint}{\loch
 }{\loch
of wondering how could someone in the right }{\loch
frame of}{\loch
 mind enjoy spending the best time of their days and lives sitting in front of their computers. }{\loch
Yes, i}{\loch
t did reveal how much possibilities can open if a person dedicates the best of their efforts and resources and willpower to it, yes,}{\loch
 a dedicated person}{\loch
 can really achieve a lot with it, no doubt.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Nevertheless, as after 13+ months of dedicated investing the best of }{\loch
MY}{\loch
 days, health, effort, willpower to learning Web Dev I realise I wasn't equipped enough to easily land a paid position, but I rather }{\loch
realise}{\loch
 I have to invest }{\loch
even }{\loch
much much more resources, }{\loch
without any paycheck on a horizon, }{\loch
I }{\loch
do }{\loch
have to admit I feel }{\loch
greatly }{\loch
disappointed with my previous decision to try Web Dev, }{\loch
and wonder if it might have been a huge mistake. I really feel}{\loch
 stuck }{\loch
up to my neck }{\loch
with }{\loch
only }{\loch
a raw basis of skillset that is barely usable on the }{\loch
highly competitive }{\loch
market, at least currently.\line \line Nevertheless, as I don't have many better options, unfortunately, I realise I will have to stick with the activities I've already grown considerable aversion towards. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
To be honest, n}{\loch
o, I don't think coding is fun at all, at least not for me. }{\loch
For me it's }{\loch
predominately}{\loch
 a big strain, or a headache. And I only feel miserable being inclined to do it }{\loch
without alternatives}{\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
As I don't have any other viable alternatives, and having invested in it already so much, unfortunately I do feel inclined to continue pushing through with }{\loch
Web Development}{\loch
, only to}{\loch
 hope that with time I would learn to code better, so it would take less time to come up with solutions }{\loch
to coming problems}{\loch
. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Should I find no other paid positions, I will try to focus on music and psychology as content strongpoints to further concentrate my coding skills around.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
MY MAIN TAKAWAY for all of you employers, }{\loch
and especially those}{\loch
 who managed to read through this is: }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Despite my short storyline on my unique standing point above (is it really that unique?), I do want to progress with coding, learn more, be successful, and become a valuable employee }{\loch
in the company or organisation that would also be right for me, as I would be right for them, in the long run}{\loch
.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
I don't believe I would ever grow liking coding, but I'm willing to do my best at getting }{\loch
much }{\loch
better at it.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
I firmly believe j}{\loch
ob applications are a two way street in terms on making the right picks }{\loch
on both ends, employer and employee }{\loch
and it is very important for me to filter out any employers that wouldn't find me a valuable asset for their team in the future.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
I }{\loch
hope I }{\loch
might be a good worker for you }{\loch
though}{\loch
:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{
 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
1. if you }{\loch
highly }{\loch
value straightforwardness, honesty, open-mindedness, dilligence and considerable soft-skills}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
2. }{\loch
if you are looking for a worker }{\loch
who would appreciate your trust with}{\loch
 let}{\loch
ting him}{\loch
 learn from the beginning at own pace, }{\loch
and who would try his best to meet your trust with continued effort}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
3. if you can }{\loch
help }{\loch
me}{\loch
 get acquainted with your tech stack,}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
4. }{\loch
if you are offering a learning position, that can turn into a permanent position}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
5. if my English language professional proficiency would suffice}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
6. }{\loch
I don't}{\loch
 expect any higher than 24k yearly salary for the beginning, }{\loch
with perspective to grow}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
I am really looking forward to getting back from all of you who find the above lines reasonable, and who }{\loch
can see a human being in a UNIQUE STANDING POSITION and with that in mind still }{\loch
see me as a possible employee. I will be honoured }{\loch
to be}{\loch
 moving forward the application process with you, and }{\loch
would }{\loch
do my best to meet your job requirements and needs, as long as they are in reasonable accordance with the above.\line \line I thank all who have read this letter for their time and good will, and wish you all the best with your future endeavours.           }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{
                                                                                                                   }{\loch
Best greetings!\line \line                                                                                                                    Tomislav Miljak }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af6\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1050\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1050\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par }